applications: nrf_desktop: Forward boot report doc (#5590)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/usb_state.rst

If the device is meant to support the boot protocol, set the following options:

#. Enable :kconfig:`CONFIG_USB_HID_BOOT_PROTOCOL`.

> #. Currently dongle can only support either HID boot keyboard or HID boot mouse reports. To use dongle for forwarding HID boot keyboard reports set

Reviewer: Not dongle but USB state in general (the module can also be used for peripherals).
Also I am not sure if we need to inform about values here, since the Kconfig option comes from Zephyr and it's documented here.

> #. Currently |usb_state| can only support either HID boot keyboard or HID boot mouse reports.
> #. To use device for forwarding HID boot keyboard reports set :kconfig:`CONFIG_USB_HID_PROTOCOL_CODE` to 1 and for HID boot mouse reports set :kconfig:`CONFIG_USB_HID_PROTOCOL_CODE` to 2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Set the :kconfig:`CONFIG_USB_HID_PROTOCOL_CODE` Kconfig option to one of the following values to use the device for forwarding either the HID boot keyboard or the HID boot mouse reports, respectively:

* If you want to forward HID boot keyboard reports, set the option to ``1``.
* If you want to forward HID boot mouse reports, set the option to ``2``.
```
Don't add plain descriptions as steps. Either format them into a command or place them outside of the procedure.
